Disabled Action menu items by default, CDN available and tooltip on keyboard focus (#85)
paypal/skipto: README.md

## How it works

1. The SkipTo menu button should be the first tabable element on the page, and if it is configured not to be visible when the page is loaded, the menu button becomes visible when it receives focus.

> 2. Once the keyboard focus is on the menu button, pressing the ENTER, SPACE, DOWN ARROW or UP ARROW keys will pull down the list of important landmarks and headings on the page.  The button based on the ARIA Authoring Practice [design pattern for menu button](https://w3c.github.io/aria-practices/#menubutton).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once the keyboard focus is on the menu button, pressing the ENTER, SPACE, DOWN ARROW or UP ARROW keys will pull down the list of important landmarks and headings on the page.  The button is based on the ARIA Authoring Practice [design pattern for menu button](https://w3c.github.io/aria-practices/#menubutton).
```

## Version History

### Version 4.0.4
* Popup tooltip shows accesskey to open menu when button on hover or focus.
* Popup tooltip is only displayed when a known accesskey is supported by the browser and device operating system.
* Popup tooltip supports high contrast operating system settings.
* Action menu items are disabled by default.

> * M of N items in landmark orheading list is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* M of N items in landmark or heading list is disabled by default.
```

Author: fixed
